#summary [Meeting] First meeting of the Elaboration phase.
#labels Meeting

= Introduction =

    * Object : First meeting of the Elaboration phase
    * Date : 03-22-2011, 11h45-13h
    * Place : Ben&Cyril office, Saclay
    * Attendants : K. Ammar, B. Dehaye, C. Dieudonné, J. Dubois, L. Naymeh
    * Summary : The topic of this meeting was the project software conception and first steps for unification of what has already been done.

= Report=

During this meeting, we discussed the main conception of the project. We agreed that a model-view-controller design will be used for the main conception.
Also, we noted that some critical steps are necessary to get a first common basis of the game:
  # Use a Controller to start the GUI and the core application
  # Create the resource tree
  # Create physical static objects of the game (planets, ...)
  # Create physical mobile objects of the game (ships, ...)
  # Get a view of the game: map (general and around player)

We described the resources, as seen in picture 2 (appendix). Every factory will need energy and food to work plus the input resources. Overall, the picture gives the production ratios, and if we put different factories/planets sizes, then we will apply a scaling on the production time and actual produced goods. Production could be slower on large factories, but for a larger amount of produced goods each time. 


= Next Tasks =
We need to:
  * describe the actual factories, weapons, shields, hulls, ... more in detail
  * produce actual code on each usecase

= Next Meeting =
We should hold a meeting quickly, around April 18th.

= Appendix =
  # Critical steps of the game: [https://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/vSNM3wE6Z2_kUdmsOGAlLw?feat=directlink]
  # Resources in the game: [https://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/-uRoLkWMDsaYCACWu0gNoQ?feat=directlink]